packages/web-components/src/components/ic-checkbox/readme.md, before:

# ic-checkbox



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property                 | Attribute                  | Description                                                                                                    | Type                    | Default                                        |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| `additionalFieldDisplay` | `additional-field-display` | The style of additionalField that will be displayed if used.                                                   | `"dynamic" \| "static"` | `"static"`                                     |
| `checked`                | `checked`                  | If `true`, the checkbox will be set to the checked state.                                                      | `boolean`               | `false`                                        |
| `disabled`               | `disabled`                 | If `true`, the checkbox will be set to the disabled state.                                                     | `boolean`               | `false`                                        |
| `dynamicText`            | `dynamic-text`             | The text to be displayed when dynamic.                                                                         | `string`                | `"This selection requires additional answers"` |
| `groupLabel`             | `group-label`              | The group label for the checkbox.                                                                              | `string`                | `undefined`                                    |
| `indeterminate`          | `indeterminate`            | If `true`, the indeterminate state will be displayed when checked.                                             | `boolean`               | `false`                                        |
| `label` _(required)_     | `label`                    | The label for the checkbox.                                                                                    | `string`                | `undefined`                                    |
| `name`                   | `name`                     | The name for the checkbox. If not set when used in a checkbox group, the name will be based on the group name. | `string`                | `undefined`                                    |
| `small`                  | `small`                    | If true, the small styling will be applied to the checkbox.                                                    | `boolean`               | `false`                                        |
| `value` _(required)_     | `value`                    | The value for the checkbox.                                                                                    | `string`                | `undefined`                                    |


## Events

| Event             | Description                                                                                                           | Type                |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| `checkboxChecked` | <span style="color:red">**[DEPRECATED]**</span> This event should not be used anymore. Use icCheck instead.<br/><br/> | `CustomEvent<void>` |
| `icCheck`         | Emitted when a checkbox has been checked.                                                                             | `CustomEvent<void>` |


## Methods

### `setFocus() => Promise<void>`

Sets focus on the checkbox.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [ic-typography](../ic-typography)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  ic-checkbox --> ic-typography
  style ic-checkbox fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

Commit message:

feat(web-components): create size variants for checkboxes
Add size prop to ic-checkbox & ic-checkbox-group. Refactor CSS for ic-checkbox. Update and add to
checkbox visual regression tests. Add story for size variants. Make size type a global type so it
can be reused.  Update package-lock

. #643

packages/web-components/src/components/ic-checkbox/readme.md, after:

# ic-checkbox



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property                 | Attribute                  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                   | Type                              | Default                                        |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| `additionalFieldDisplay` | `additional-field-display` | The style of additionalField that will be displayed if used.                                                                                                                                  | `"dynamic" \| "static"`           | `"static"`                                     |
| `checked`                | `checked`                  | If `true`, the checkbox will be set to the checked state.                                                                                                                                     | `boolean`                         | `false`                                        |
| `disabled`               | `disabled`                 | If `true`, the checkbox will be set to the disabled state.                                                                                                                                    | `boolean`                         | `false`                                        |
| `dynamicText`            | `dynamic-text`             | The text to be displayed when dynamic.                                                                                                                                                        | `string`                          | `"This selection requires additional answers"` |
| `groupLabel`             | `group-label`              | The group label for the checkbox.                                                                                                                                                             | `string`                          | `undefined`                                    |
| `indeterminate`          | `indeterminate`            | If `true`, the indeterminate state will be displayed when checked.                                                                                                                            | `boolean`                         | `false`                                        |
| `label` _(required)_     | `label`                    | The label for the checkbox.                                                                                                                                                                   | `string`                          | `undefined`                                    |
| `name`                   | `name`                     | The name for the checkbox. If not set when used in a checkbox group, the name will be based on the group name.                                                                                | `string`                          | `undefined`                                    |
| `size`                   | `size`                     | The size of the checkbox to be displayed. This does not affect the font size of the label. If a checkbox is contained in a checkbox group, this will override the size set on checkbox group. | `"default" \| "large" \| "small"` | `undefined`                                    |
| `small`                  | `small`                    | If true, the small styling will be applied to the checkbox.                                                                                                                                   | `boolean`                         | `false`                                        |
| `value` _(required)_     | `value`                    | The value for the checkbox.                                                                                                                                                                   | `string`                          | `undefined`                                    |


## Events

| Event             | Description                                                                                                           | Type                |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| `checkboxChecked` | <span style="color:red">**[DEPRECATED]**</span> This event should not be used anymore. Use icCheck instead.<br/><br/> | `CustomEvent<void>` |
| `icCheck`         | Emitted when a checkbox has been checked.                                                                             | `CustomEvent<void>` |


## Methods

### `setFocus() => Promise<void>`

Sets focus on the checkbox.

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [ic-typography](../ic-typography)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  ic-checkbox --> ic-typography
  style ic-checkbox fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------
