packages/web-components/src/components/ic-status-tag/readme.md, before:

# ic-status-tag



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property             | Attribute    | Description                                                     | Type                                              | Default     |
| -------------------- | ------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `appearance`         | `appearance` | The emphasis of the status tag.                                 | `"filled" \| "outlined"`                          | `"filled"`  |
| `label` _(required)_ | `label`      | The content rendered within the status tag.                     | `string`                                          | `undefined` |
| `small`              | `small`      | If `true`, the small styling will be applied to the status tag. | `boolean`                                         | `false`     |
| `status`             | `status`     | The colour of the status tag.                                   | `"danger" \| "neutral" \| "success" \| "warning"` | `"neutral"` |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [ic-typography](../ic-typography)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  ic-status-tag --> ic-typography
  style ic-status-tag fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

Commit message:

fix(web-components): role added as conditional and aria-labels added
added announced prop to comp which conditionally makes the comp an aria-live region

20

packages/web-components/src/components/ic-status-tag/readme.md, after:

# ic-status-tag



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property             | Attribute    | Description                                                     | Type                                              | Default     |
| -------------------- | ------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `announced`          | `announced`  | If 'true', the component will act as an 'aria-live' region.     | `boolean`                                         | `false`     |
| `appearance`         | `appearance` | The emphasis of the status tag.                                 | `"filled" \| "outlined"`                          | `"filled"`  |
| `label` _(required)_ | `label`      | The content rendered within the status tag.                     | `string`                                          | `undefined` |
| `small`              | `small`      | If `true`, the small styling will be applied to the status tag. | `boolean`                                         | `false`     |
| `status`             | `status`     | The colour of the status tag.                                   | `"danger" \| "neutral" \| "success" \| "warning"` | `"neutral"` |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [ic-typography](../ic-typography)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  ic-status-tag --> ic-typography
  style ic-status-tag fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------
