packages/react/README.md, before:

# The UK Intelligence Community React UI Kit

[![OGL V3 License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-OGLv3-blue.svg)](https://github.com/mi6/ic-design-system/tree/main/LICENSE)
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/mi6/ic-design-system/tree/main/LICENSE)

The [Intelligence Community Design System](https://design.sis.gov.uk) helps the United Kingdom's Intelligence Community (MI6, GCHQ, MI5, and partners) to quickly build powerful capabilities that are accessible and easy to use.

This is a joint project led by [MI6](https://www.sis.gov.uk), working with [GCHQ](https://www.gchq.gov.uk) and [MI5](https://www.mi5.gov.uk).

## Installing

To install the components:

### Step one

In the root of your project:

```shell
// using npm
npm install @ukic/react @ukic/fonts

// using yarn
rm package-lock.json
yarn add @ukic/react @ukic/fonts
```

### Step two

Import the component(s) in your React files.

```jsx
import { IcComponent } from "@ukic/react";
```

### Step three

To get the correct styling with the ICDS components, import the core CSS file.

Add the following into the top level CSS file for your project.

```css
@import "@ukic/fonts/dist/fonts.css";
@import "@ukic/react/dist/core/core.css";
```

In order to be rendered consistently across browsers and in line with modern standards, each of the ICDS components uses styles from a global CSS file based on [Normalize.css](https://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/). 

If you would like to import these styles to apply them to the rest of your project and slotted elements used within any of the ICDS components, add the following into the top level CSS file as well.

```css
@import "@ukic/react/dist/core/normalize.css";
```

### Step four

The `@ukic/react` package will need to be transformed before you can use these components in Jest tests.

Add a `transformIgnorePatterns` field with the value `["/node_modules/(?!@ukic/react)"]` to your Jest config.

## Contributing

We have a couple of resources to help you with contributing.

- To find out more about the different types of contributions, the criteria, raising issues or our release roadmap, read [how to contribute to the Design System and UI Kit](https://design.sis.gov.uk/community/contribute).
- Make sure to also read our [coding standards and technical instructions](https://github.com/mi6/ic-ui-kit/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
- [IC Design System guidance site repository](https://github.com/mi6/ic-design-system) contains the code and content for the Design System guidance site.
- [IC UI Kit repository](https://github.com/mi6/ic-ui-kit) contains the code and content for the web components.

## Changelog

For a comprehensive changelog of the React components, please read the web components [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/mi6/ic-ui-kit/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md). The released updates made to the web components are reflected on the React components. 

## Security

If you've found a vulnerability, we want to know so that we can fix it. [Our security policy](https://github.com/mi6/ic-ui-kit/blob/main/SECURITY.md) tells you how to do this.

## Questions about the departments

The team is only able to talk about the projects we've put on GitHub 🕵️. We unfortunately can't talk about the work of our departments 😢.

Visit our websites to learn more about:

- The [Secret Intelligence Service (MI6)](https://www.sis.gov.uk).
- The [Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ)](https://www.gchq.gov.uk).
- The [Security Service (MI5)](https://www.mi5.gov.uk).

## License

Unless stated otherwise, the codebase is released under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). This covers both the codebase and any sample code in the documentation. The documentation is and available under the terms of the [Open Government License v3.0](https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3/).

© Crown copyright 2022

Commit message:

docs(canary-react): updated markdown files
updated markdown files by clearing changelog and removing references to ukic/react and replacing
with ukic/canary-react

packages/react/README.md, after:

# The UK Intelligence Community React UI Kit

[![OGL V3 License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-OGLv3-blue.svg)](https://github.com/mi6/ic-design-system/tree/main/LICENSE)
[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/mi6/ic-design-system/tree/main/LICENSE)

The [Intelligence Community Design System](https://design.sis.gov.uk) helps the United Kingdom's Intelligence Community (MI6, GCHQ, MI5, and partners) to quickly build powerful capabilities that are accessible and easy to use.

This is a joint project led by [MI6](https://www.sis.gov.uk), working with [GCHQ](https://www.gchq.gov.uk) and [MI5](https://www.mi5.gov.uk).

## Installing

To install the components:

### Step one

In the root of your project:

```shell
// using npm
npm install @ukic/canary-react @ukic/fonts

// using yarn
rm package-lock.json
yarn add @ukic/canary-react @ukic/fonts
```

### Step two

Import the component(s) in your React files.

```jsx
import { IcComponent } from "@ukic/canary-react";
```

### Step three

To get the correct styling with the ICDS components, import the core CSS file.

Add the following into the top level CSS file for your project.

```css
@import "@ukic/fonts/dist/fonts.css";
@import "@ukic/canary-react/dist/core/core.css";
```

In order to be rendered consistently across browsers and in line with modern standards, each of the ICDS components uses styles from a global CSS file based on [Normalize.css](https://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/). 

If you would like to import these styles to apply them to the rest of your project and slotted elements used within any of the ICDS components, add the following into the top level CSS file as well.

```css
@import "@ukic/canary-react/dist/core/normalize.css";
```

### Step four

The `@ukic/canary-react` package will need to be transformed before you can use these components in Jest tests.

Add a `transformIgnorePatterns` field with the value `["/node_modules/(?!@ukic/canary-react)"]` to your Jest config.

## Security

If you've found a vulnerability, we want to know so that we can fix it. [Our security policy](https://github.com/mi6/ic-ui-kit/blob/main/SECURITY.md) tells you how to do this.

## License

Unless stated otherwise, the codebase is released under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). This covers both the codebase and any sample code in the documentation. The documentation is and available under the terms of the [Open Government License v3.0](https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3/).

© Crown copyright 2022
