packages/web-components/src/components/ic-tooltip/readme.md, before:

# ic-tooltip



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property             | Attribute       | Description                                                                                             | Type                                                                                                                                                                 | Default     |
| -------------------- | --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `disableHover`       | `disable-hover` | If `true`, the tooltip will not be displayed on hover, it will require a click.                         | `boolean`                                                                                                                                                            | `false`     |
| `label` _(required)_ | `label`         | The text to display on the tooltip.                                                                     | `string`                                                                                                                                                             | `undefined` |
| `placement`          | `placement`     | The position of the tool-tip in relation to the parent element.                                         | `"bottom" \| "bottom-end" \| "bottom-start" \| "left" \| "left-end" \| "left-start" \| "right" \| "right-end" \| "right-start" \| "top" \| "top-end" \| "top-start"` | `"bottom"`  |
| `target`             | `target`        | The ID of the element the tooltip is describing - for when aria-labelledby or aria-describedby is used. | `string`                                                                                                                                                             | `undefined` |


## Methods

### `displayTooltip(show: boolean, persistTooltip?: boolean) => Promise<void>`

Method to programmatically show/hide the tooltip without needing to interact with an anchor element

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## CSS Custom Properties

| Name                   | Description        |
| ---------------------- | ------------------ |
| `--ic-z-index-tooltip` | z-index of tooltip |


## Dependencies

### Used by

 - [ic-button](../ic-button)
 - [ic-chip](../ic-chip)
 - [ic-navigation-item](../ic-navigation-item)

### Depends on

- [ic-typography](../ic-typography)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  ic-tooltip --> ic-typography
  ic-button --> ic-tooltip
  ic-chip --> ic-tooltip
  ic-navigation-item --> ic-tooltip
  style ic-tooltip fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

Commit message:

feat(web-components): add silent property to ic-tooltip
Add optional silent property to ic-tooltip. Also remove sr-only content inside tooltip

packages/web-components/src/components/ic-tooltip/readme.md, after:

# ic-tooltip



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property             | Attribute       | Description                                                                                                                                        | Type                                                                                                                                                                 | Default     |
| -------------------- | --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| `disableHover`       | `disable-hover` | If `true`, the tooltip will not be displayed on hover, it will require a click.                                                                    | `boolean`                                                                                                                                                            | `false`     |
| `label` _(required)_ | `label`         | The text to display on the tooltip.                                                                                                                | `string`                                                                                                                                                             | `undefined` |
| `placement`          | `placement`     | The position of the tool-tip in relation to the parent element.                                                                                    | `"bottom" \| "bottom-end" \| "bottom-start" \| "left" \| "left-end" \| "left-start" \| "right" \| "right-end" \| "right-start" \| "top" \| "top-end" \| "top-start"` | `"bottom"`  |
| `silent`             | `silent`        | Whether the tooltip should be silent to screen readers. Set to true if your tooltip text only duplicates the accessible label of the child element | `boolean`                                                                                                                                                            | `false`     |
| `target`             | `target`        | The ID of the element the tooltip is describing - for when aria-labelledby or aria-describedby is used.                                            | `string`                                                                                                                                                             | `undefined` |


## Methods

### `displayTooltip(show: boolean, persistTooltip?: boolean) => Promise<void>`

Method to programmatically show/hide the tooltip without needing to interact with an anchor element

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## CSS Custom Properties

| Name                   | Description        |
| ---------------------- | ------------------ |
| `--ic-z-index-tooltip` | z-index of tooltip |


## Dependencies

### Used by

 - [ic-button](../ic-button)
 - [ic-chip](../ic-chip)
 - [ic-navigation-item](../ic-navigation-item)

### Depends on

- [ic-typography](../ic-typography)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  ic-tooltip --> ic-typography
  ic-button --> ic-tooltip
  ic-chip --> ic-tooltip
  ic-navigation-item --> ic-tooltip
  style ic-tooltip fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------
